Adding documentation about secrets and tokens (#311)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/continuous-integration.rst

        
        .. literalinclude:: code/release.yml     
           :language: yaml

.. _organization_secrets:

Organization secrets
--------------------

  Secrets are encrypted variables that you create in an organization, repository, or repository environment. The secrets that you create are available to use in GitHub Actions workflows. 

> 
>   From `GitHub documentation <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets>`_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can use ``secrets`` to pass sensible data such as passwords, token or IP addresses to your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use secrets to pass sensible data such as passwords, tokend, or IP addresses to your workflows.
```
I think that we've defined the concept and don't need to tag as a literal string.

> By default, ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide certain ``secrets`` to help you to automate/unify certain tasks such as release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide certain secrets by default to
help you to automate or unify certain tasks, such as releasing a package.
```

> Actions secrets

Reviewer: "Secrets for GitHub Actions" seems like a better title to me.

Author: Good idea. Implementing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | **SECRET**                          | **Repository access**              | **Token?**                            | **Value**                                 | **Description**                                                                              |

Reviewer: Any reason that SECRET is all caps? Also descripton should likely be lower case to meet the Google style guidelines.

Author: No reason indeed.

| ``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN``                | All repositories                   | Yes                                   | *Secret*                                  |                                                                                              |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``LICENSE_SERVER``                  | All repositories                   | No                                    | *Secret*                                  | IP address of license server                                                                 |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``MULTIPR_DEPENDABOT``              | All repositories                   | :ref:`Yes (GitHub) <github_tokens>`   | Token ``PYANSYS_CI_BOT_TOKEN``            | Bot token to be passed to bot to allow multiple library updates in one pull request.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``MULTIPR_DEPENDABOT``              | All repositories                   | :ref:`Yes (GitHub) <github_tokens>`   | Token ``PYANSYS_CI_BOT_TOKEN``            | Bot token to pass to bot to allow multiple library updates in one pull request.         
         |
```

> | ``MULTIPR_DEPENDABOT``              | All repositories                   | :ref:`Yes (GitHub) <github_tokens>`   | Token ``PYANSYS_CI_BOT_TOKEN``            | Bot token to be passed to bot to allow multiple library updates in one pull request.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``MULTIPR_DEPENDABOT``              | All repositories                   | :ref:`Yes (GitHub) <github_tokens>`   | Token ``PYANSYS_CI_BOT_TOKEN``            | Bot token to pass to bot to allow multiple library updates in one pull request.         |
```

| ``PYANSYS_CI_BOT_TOKEN``            | All repositories                   | :ref:`Yes (GitHub) <github_tokens>`   | Token ``PYANSYS_CI_BOT_TOKEN``            | Bot token for general purpose. It has repository read/write permissions and package read.    |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT``        | All repositories                   | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | Token ``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT``        | Token to publish to Ansys private PyPI channel.                                              |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``PYPI_TOKEN``                      | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This should be overwritten at each repository after first public release.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``PYPI_TOKEN``                      | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This token should be overwritten in each repository after the first public release.                    |
```

+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``PYPI_TESTING_TOKEN``              | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | *Secret*                                  | Token for testing publication to PyPI.                                                       |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``TWINE_TOKEN``                     | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This should be overwritten at each repository after first public release.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``TWINE_TOKEN``                     | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This should be overwritten in each repository after the first public release.                    |
```

+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> The values of the ``secrets`` can be obtained by emailing pyansys.core@ansys.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the values of secrets, email `pyansys.core@ansys.com <pyansys.core@ansys.com>`_.
```

Dependabot secrets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These secrets in most of the cases a replica of the `Actions secrets`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependabout secrets are generally replicas of the `Actions secrets`_. 
```
I didn't realize earlier that you had set up a link directive. I still think using "GitHub Actions secrets" would be better.

Author: I updated your comment.

+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------+

> | **SECRET**                          | **Repository access**                       | **Token**                              | **Description**                              |

Reviewer: Again, why all capitals?

> | **SECRET**                          | **Repository access**                       | **Token**                              | **Description**                              |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Secret**                          | **Repository access**                       | **Token**                              | **Description**                              |
```

+=====================================+=============================================+========================================+==============================================+

> | ``BOT_APPLICATION_ID``              | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |

Author: Done!

| ``LICENSE_SERVER``                  | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``MULTIPR_DEPENDABOT``              | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT``        | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. _organization_tokens:

Organization tokens
-------------------

> To facilitate certain tasks such as authentication, ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide to the developer with certain tokens or personal access tokens (PATs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate certain tasks such as authentication, the ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide developers with certain tokens or personal access tokens (PATs).
```

These tokens are confidential and for internal use only.

> Some of these tokens can be used as GitHub secrets, others must be requested to pyansys.core@ansys.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of these tokens can be used as GitHub Actions secrets. Others must be requested
by emailing `pyansys.core@ansys.com <pyansys.core@ansys.com>`_.
```

.. _github_tokens:

> GitHub tokens

Reviewer: OK--should this be GitHub Actions tokens?

Author: Mmhh.. the tokens can be used for many things, but it is true in this case are for github actions... Ok then.

> GitHub tokens
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions tokens
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> These tokens are meant to be used within GitHub to provide access and permissions to different tasks and repositories.

Reviewer: The first sentence of the paragraph should use the full noun string so as to be clear, not these tokens but GitHub tokens....

Author: Got it. Thank you!

> These tokens are meant to be used within GitHub to provide access and permissions to different tasks and repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub tokens are used within GitHub to provide access and permissions to different tasks and repositories.
```

Fine-grained tokens
*******************

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| | **TOKEN NAME**                                               | ``dependabot-multi-pr``                |
+================================================================+========================================+

> | | **Repository access**                                        |  Public Repositories (read-only)       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| | **Repository access**                                        |  Public repositories (read-only)       |
```

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| | **Permissions**                                              |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Block another user**                                    |  No access                             |

> | |     View and manage users blocked by the user.               |                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| |     View and manage users that you've blocked.                   |                                        |
```

> | |     View and manage users blocked by the user.               |                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| |     View and manage users who you've blocked.               |                                        |
```

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Codespaces user secrets**                               |  No access                             |

> | |     Manage Codespaces user secrets.                          |                                        |

Reviewer: Does codespace have to be capitalized and plural in title and description?

Author: Good question....

Reviewer: @germa89 If "Codespaces" is a proper noun or GUI element within GitHub, I'd say leave it capitalized.

Author: Got it!

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Email addresses**                                       |  No access                             |

> | |     Manage a user's email addresses.                         |                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| |     Manage user email addresses.                         |                                        |
```
Use as an adjective--otherwise you'd have to use users' email addresess (plural possessive).

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Followers**                                             |  No access                             |

> | |     A user's followers                                       |                                        |

Reviewer: Your followers

Author: Again, copy pasted from Github. Shall we change it?

> | |     A user's followers                                       |                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| |     A user's followers.                                      |                                        |
```

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **GPG keys**                                              |  No access                             |
| |     View and manage a user's GPG keys.                       |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Gists**                                                 |  No access                             |
| |     Create and modify a user's gists and comments.           |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+

> | |    **Git SSH keys**                                          |  No access                             |
> | |     Git SSH keys                                             |                                        |
> +----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
> | |    **Interaction limits**                                    |  No access                             |
> | |     Interaction limits on repositories                       |                                        |
> +----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
> | |    **Plan**                                                  |  No access                             |
> | |     View a user's plan.                                      |                                        |
> +----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
> | |    **Private repository invitations**                        |  No access                             |
> | |     View a user's invitations to private repositories        |                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| |    **Git SSH keys**                                          |  No access                             |
| |     Git SSH keys.                                            |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Interaction limits**                                    |  No access                             |
| |     Interaction limits on repositories.                      |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Plan**                                                  |  No access                             |
| |     View a user's plan.                                      |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Private repository invitations**                        |  No access                             |
| |     View a user's invitations to private repositories.       |                                        |
```

| |    **Starring**                                              |  No access                             |
| |     List and manage repositories a user is starring.         |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Watching**                                              |  No access                             |
| |     List and change repositories a user is subscribed to.    |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+

Classic tokens
**************

.. table:: 
  :class: longtable

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **Permission**                                                                      | **Status**             |
  +=====================================================================================+========================+
  | **repo**                                                                            | |:heavy_check_mark:|   |

>   |  Full control of private repositories                                               |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Full control of private repositories.                                              |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **repo:status**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Access commit status                                                               |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Access commit status.                                                              |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **repo_deployment**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Access deployment status                                                           |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Access deployment status.                                                          |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **public_repo**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Access public repositories                                                         |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **repo:invite**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Access repository invitations                                                      |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Access public repositories.                                                        |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **repo:invite**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |
  |  Access repository invitations.                                                     |                        |
```

  | **write:packages**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
  |  Upload packages to GitHub Package Registry                                         |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:packages**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
  |  Download packages from GitHub Package Registry                                     |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **delete:packages**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
  |  Delete packages from GitHub Package Registry                                       |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **admin:org**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Full control of orgs and teams, read and write org projects                        |                        |

Reviewer: Spell out orgs. Maybe Full control of organizations and teams and all read and write permissions.

Author: > Spell out orgs. Maybe "Full control of organizations and teams and all read and write permissions."
> Same for the subsequent lines with similar descriptions.

@PipKat this is copy paste from the token page in github that is why I haven't spell out orgs yet. Do you think we really should?

>   |  Full control of orgs and teams, read and write org projects                        |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Full control of orgs and teams, read, and write org projects                       |                        |
```

>   |  Read and write security events                                                     |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **workflow**                                                                        | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Update GitHub Action workflows                                                     |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **write:packages**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Upload packages to GitHub Package Registry                                         |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:packages**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Download packages from GitHub Package Registry                                     |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **delete:packages**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Delete packages from GitHub Package Registry                                       |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **admin:org**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Full control of orgs and teams, read and write org projects                        |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Read and write security events.                                                    |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **workflow**                                                                        | |:x:|                  |
  |  Update GitHub Action workflows.                                                    |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:packages**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
  |  Upload packages to GitHub Package Registry.                                        |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:packages**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
  |  Download packages from GitHub Package Registry.                                    |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **delete:packages**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
  |  Delete packages from GitHub Package Registry.                                      |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **admin:org**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of orgs and teams, read, and write org projects.                      |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:org**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Read and write org and team membership, read and write org projects                |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Read and write org and team membership, read, and write org projects               |                        |
```

  | **admin:org_hook**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of organization hooks                                                 |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **gist**                                                                            | |:x:|                  |
  |  Create gists                                                                       |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **notifications**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
  |  Access notifications                                                               |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **user**                                                                            | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Update ALL user data                                                               |                        |

Reviewer: Capitalizing words for attention is generally frowned upon.

>   |  Update ALL user data                                                               |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Update **all** user data                                                           |                        |
```

>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:user**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read ALL user profile data                                                         |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **user:email**                                                                      | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Access user email addresses (read-only)                                            |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **user:follow**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Follow and unfollow users                                                          |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:user**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read ALL user profile data.                                                        |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **user:email**                                                                      | |:x:|                  |
  |  Access user email addresses (read-only).                                           |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **user:follow**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |
  |  Follow and unfollow users.                                                         |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **delete_repo**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Delete repositories                                                                |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **write:discussion**                                                                | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read and write team discussions                                                    |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:discussion**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read team discussions                                                              |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **admin:enterprise**                                                                | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Full control of enterprises                                                        |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **manage_runners:enterprise**                                                       | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Manage enterprise runners and runner groups                                        |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **manage_billing:enterprise**                                                       | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read and write enterprise billing data                                             |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:enterprise**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read enterprise profile data                                                       |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Delete repositories.                                                               |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:discussion**                                                                | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read and write team discussions.                                                   |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:discussion**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read team discussions.                                                             |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **admin:enterprise**                                                                | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of enterprises.                                                       |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **manage_runners:enterprise**                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Manage enterprise runners and runner groups.                                       |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **manage_billing:enterprise**                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read and write enterprise billing data.                                            |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:enterprise**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read enterprise profile data.                                                      |                        |
```

  | **audit_log**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of audit log                                                          |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:audit_log**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read access of audit log                                                           |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **codespace**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of codespaces                                                         |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **codespace:secrets**                                                               | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Ability to create, read, update, and delete codespace secrets                      |                        |

Reviewer: Here codespace secrets is not capitalized or bold. Yes!

Author: Because it is a copy paste from somewhere else XD

>   |  Full control of audit log                                                          |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:audit_log**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read access of audit log                                                           |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **codespace**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Full control of codespaces                                                         |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **codespace:secrets**                                                               | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Ability to create, read, update, and delete codespace secrets                      |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  |  Full control of audit log.                                                         |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:audit_log**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read access of audit log.                                                          |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **codespace**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of codespaces.                                                        |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **codespace:secrets**                                                               | |:x:|                  |
  |  Ability to create, read, update, and delete codespace secrets.                     |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+

>   | **project**                                                                         | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Full control of projects                                                           |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:project**                                                                    | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read access of projects                                                            |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **admin:gpg_key**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Full control of public user GPG keys                                               |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **write:gpg_key**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Write public user GPG keys                                                         |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:gpg_key**                                                                    | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read public user GPG keys                                                          |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **admin:ssh_signing_key**                                                           | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Full control of public user SSH signing keys                                       |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **write:ssh_signing_key**                                                           | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Write public user SSH signing keys                                                 |                        |
>   +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
>   | **read:ssh_signing_key**                                                            | |:x:|                  |
>   |  Read public user SSH signing keys                                                  |                        |

Author: ```suggestion
  | **project**                                                                         | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of projects.                                                          |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:project**                                                                    | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read access of projects.                                                           |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **admin:gpg_key**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of public user GPG keys.                                              |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:gpg_key**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |
  |  Write public user GPG keys.                                                        |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:gpg_key**                                                                    | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read public user GPG keys.                                                         |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **admin:ssh_signing_key**                                                           | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of public user SSH signing keys.                                      |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:ssh_signing_key**                                                           | |:x:|                  |
  |  Write public user SSH signing keys.                                                |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:ssh_signing_key**                                                            | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read public user SSH signing keys.                                                 |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+

.. _pypi_tokens:

PyPI tokens
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _pypi_private_token:

``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT``
****************************

> Used for authentication when uploading libraries to the private Ansys PyPI index. 
> It can be used as password for the `twine <https://twine.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT`` token is used for authentication when uploading
libraries to the private Ansys PyPI index. This token can be used as the password for
the `twine <https://twine.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ library.
```

.. _pypi_token:

``PYPI_TOKEN``
**************

> The value of this token is unique for each repository. 
> Used for authentication when uploading libraries to the public PyPI index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the ``PYPI_TOKEN`` token is unique for each repository. 
This token is used for authentication when uploading libraries to the public PyPI index.
```

``PYPI_TESTING_TOKEN``
**********************

> Used for testing uploads to public PyPI index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``PYPI_TESTING_TOKEN`` token is used for testing uploads to the public PyPI index.
```

Other tokens
~~~~~~~~~~~~

``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN``
********************

> This token is used to ... # todo: to be added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN`` token is used to ... # todo: to be added
```

``TWINE_TOKEN``
***************

> This token is used for authentication when uploading libraries to PyPI and its value might change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``TWINE_TOKEN`` token is used for authentication when uploading libraries to PyPI.
Its value might change
```

across repositories.
Depending if the library is uploaded to a public PyPI index or private, its value matches
:ref:`pypi_private_token` or :ref:`pypi_token`.

.. _organization_bot:

Organization bot
----------------

> Because the usage of user personal access tokens (PATs) is discouraged, ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal``
> organizations provide with a bot called ``ansys-bot`` to perform certain tasks which requires autentification,
> for example github pages publication or docker image registry login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the usage of personal access tokens (PATs) is discouraged, the ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal``
organizations provide a bot named ``ansys-bot`` to perform certain tasks that require authentication.
For example, this bot provides for publishing GitHub pages or logging into a Docker image registry.
```

> To use the bot for these tasks, you need to use the bot tokens provided through secrets (see :ref:`organization_secrets`).
> To get a better overview of the permissions of each token see :ref:`organization_tokens`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the bot for these tasks, you must use the bot tokens provided through secrets. For
more information, see :ref:`organization_secrets`. For an overview of each token's permissions,
see :ref:`organization_tokens`.
```

By default, the bot has access to **all repositories** and has the following permissions:

> * **Read and write** access to **actions, code, packages, and pull requests**
> * **Read** access to **metadata and organization secrets**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Read and write** permission to **actions, code, packages, and pull requests**
* **Read** permission to **metadata and organization secrets**
```

> Those permissions can be obtained using a temporal token obtained from the ``BOT_APPLICATION_PRIVATE_KEY`` token
> and the `peter-murray/workflow-application-token-action <https://github.com/peter-murray/workflow-application-token-action>`_.
> Visit :ref:`deploying_to_another_repo` for a documented example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These permissions can be obtained using a temporal token obtained from
the ``BOT_APPLICATION_PRIVATE_KEY`` token and the `peter-murray/workflow-application-token-action <https://github.com/peter-murray/workflow-application-token-action>`_. For an example, see :ref:`deploying_to_another_repo`.
```

        
        .. literalinclude:: code/release.yml     
           :language: yaml

.. _organization_secrets:

Organization secrets
--------------------

> According to `Encrypted secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets>`_ in the GitHub Docs, "Secrets are encrypted variables that you create in an organization, repository, or repository environment. The secrets that you create are available to use in GitHub Actions workflows." 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
According to `Encrypted secrets <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets>`_
in the GitHub Docs, "Secrets are encrypted variables that you create in an organization,
repository, or repository environment. The secrets that you create are available to use in
GitHub Actions workflows." 
```

You can use secrets to pass sensible data such as passwords, tokens, or IP addresses to your workflows.

> The ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide certain secrets by default to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``ansys`` and ``ansys-internal`` organizations provide certain secrets by default to
```

| ``PYPI_TOKEN``                      | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This token should be overwritten in each repository after the first public release.                    |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``PYPI_TESTING_TOKEN``              | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | *Secret*                                  | Token for testing publication to PyPI.                                                       |
+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``TWINE_TOKEN``                     | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This should be overwritten in each repository after the first public release.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``TWINE_TOKEN``                     | Private and internal repositories  | :ref:`Yes (PyPI) <pypi_tokens>`       | **Empty**                                 | This token should be overwritten in each repository after the first public release.               |
```

| ``LICENSE_SERVER``                  | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``MULTIPR_DEPENDABOT``              | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT``        | Same as `Actions secrets`_ equivalent                                                                                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. _organization_tokens:

Organization tokens
-------------------

> To facilitate certain tasks such as authentication, the ``Ansys`` and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide developers with certain tokens or personal access tokens (PATs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To facilitate certain tasks such as authentication, the ``ansys`` and ``ansys-internal`` organizations provide developers with certain tokens or personal access tokens (PATs).
```

These tokens are confidential and for internal use only.
Some of these tokens can be used as GitHub Actions secrets. Others must be requested
by emailing `pyansys.core@ansys.com <pyansys.core@ansys.com>`_.

.. _github_tokens:

GitHub Actions tokens
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> GitHub tokens are used within GitHub to provide access and permissions to different tasks and repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions tokens are used within GitHub to provide access and permissions to different tasks and repositories.
```
The section title and subject of the first sentence should use the same term.

Fine-grained tokens
*******************

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| | **TOKEN NAME**                                               | ``dependabot-multi-pr``                |
+================================================================+========================================+
| | **Repository access**                                        |  Public repositories (read-only)       |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| | **Permissions**                                              |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+

> | |    **Block another user**                                    |  No access                             |
> | |     View and manage users who you've blocked.               |                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| |    **Block another user**                                    |  No access                             |
| |     View and manage users who you've blocked.                |                                        |
```

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Codespaces user secrets**                               |  No access                             |
| |     Manage Codespaces user secrets.                          |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Email addresses**                                       |  No access                             |
| |     Manage a user's email addresses.                         |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Followers**                                             |  No access                             |
| |     A user's followers.                                      |                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **GPG keys**                                              |  No access                             |

> | |     View and manage a user's GPG keys.                       |                                        |

Reviewer: Will users know what a GPG key is? I don't!

+----------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+
| |    **Gists**                                                 |  No access                             |

> | |     Create and modify a user's gists and comments.           |                                        |

Reviewer: But then again, I don't know what gists are either!

  | **repo:invite**                                                                     | |:x:|                  |
  |  Access repository invitations.                                                     |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **security_events**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read and write security events                                                     |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **workflow**                                                                        | |:x:|                  |
  |  Update GitHub Action workflows                                                     |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:packages**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Upload packages to GitHub Package Registry                                         |                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |  Upload packages to GitHub Package Registry.                                        |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:packages**                                                                   | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Download packages from GitHub Package Registry                                     |                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |  Download packages from GitHub Package Registry.                                    |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **delete:packages**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Delete packages from GitHub Package Registry                                       |                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |  Delete packages from GitHub Package Registry.                                      |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **admin:org**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Full control of orgs and teams, read, and write org projects                       |                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |  Full control of orgs and teams, read, and write org projects.                      |                        |
```

Author: 🤷🏻‍♂️

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **write:org**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Read and write org and team membership, read, and write org projects               |                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |  Read and write org and team membership, read, and write org projects.              |                        |
```

  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:enterprise**                                                                 | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read enterprise profile data.                                                      |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **audit_log**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |
  |  Full control of audit log.                                                         |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:audit_log**                                                                  | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read access of audit log.                                                          |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+

>   | **codespace**                                                                       | |:x:|                  |

Reviewer: So, codespace is lower case here in this section, if this influences your response to the capitalization question posed earlier?

Author: I need to update this yes.

Author: I'm going to go with "C"odespace(s)

Reviewer: @germa89 Virtually all stye guides say not to use (s) but rather to use the plural form instead.

  |  Full control of codespaces.                                                        |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **codespace:secrets**                                                               | |:x:|                  |

>   |  Ability to create, read, update, and delete codespace secrets.                     |                        |

Reviewer 2: Solve Vale issues. You will need to add both ``Codespace`` and ``codespace``. Same goes for ``Codespaces`` and ``codespaces``.

  | **write:ssh_signing_key**                                                           | |:x:|                  |
  |  Write public user SSH signing keys.                                                |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+
  | **read:ssh_signing_key**                                                            | |:x:|                  |
  |  Read public user SSH signing keys.                                                 |                        |
  +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------+

.. _pypi_tokens:

PyPI tokens
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _pypi_private_token:

``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT``
****************************

The ``PYANSYS_PYPI_PRIVATE_PAT`` token is used for authentication when uploading
libraries to the private Ansys PyPI index. This token can be used as the password for
the `twine <https://twine.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ library.

.. _pypi_token:

``PYPI_TOKEN``
**************

The value of the ``PYPI_TOKEN`` token is unique for each repository. 

> This token is used for authentication when uploading libraries to the public PyPI index.

Author: No idea....

``PYPI_TESTING_TOKEN``
**********************

The ``PYPI_TESTING_TOKEN`` token is used for testing uploads to the public PyPI index.

Other tokens
~~~~~~~~~~~~

``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN``
********************

> The ``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN`` token is used to ... # todo: to be added

Author: No no... in fact, this part needs to be deleted. Because it is not used by (almost) any repo.

> ``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN``
> ********************
> 
> The ``HUGO_THEME_TOKEN`` token is used to ... # todo: to be added

Author: ```suggestion
```

``TWINE_TOKEN``
***************

The ``TWINE_TOKEN`` token is used for authentication when uploading libraries to PyPI.

> Its value might change
> across repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Its value might change across repositories.
```

Depending if the library is uploaded to a public PyPI index or the Ansys private PyPI index, its value matches
:ref:`pypi_private_token` or :ref:`pypi_token`.

.. _organization_bot:

Organization bot
----------------

> Because the usage of personal access tokens (PATs) is discouraged, the ``Ansys``
> and ``Ansys-internal`` organizations provide a bot named ``ansys-bot`` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because the usage of personal access tokens (PATs) is discouraged, the ``ansys``
and ``ansys-internal`` organizations provide a bot named ``ansys-bot`` to
```
